SciPy 2013 Conference Overview
------------------------------

SciPy 2013, the twelfth annual Scientific Computing with Python conference, will
be held this June 24th-29th in Austin, Texas. SciPy is a community dedicated to
the advancement of scientific computing through open source Python software for
mathematics, science, and engineering. The annual SciPy Conference allows
participants from both academic and commercial organizations to showcase their
latest projects, learn from skilled users and developers, and collaborate on
code development.

The conference consists of two days of tutorials by followed by two days of
presentations,  and concluding with two days of developer sprints on projects of
interest to the attendees.

Abstract submissions for talks or posters are now being accepted.  The deadline
for submissions is *Month, Day, 2013*.  Submissions are welcome that address
general scientific computing with Python, one of the two special themes for this
years conference, or the domain-specific mini-symposia held during the
conference.

Specialized Tracks
------------------

Two specialized tracks run in parallel to general conference:

*Machine Learning*

In recent years, Python's machine learning libraries rapidly matured with a
flurry of new libraries and cutting-edge algorithm implement and development
occurring within Python.  As Python makes these algorithms more accessible,
machine learning algorithm application has spread across disciplines. Showcase
your favorite machine learning library or how it has been used as an effective
tool in your research.

*Tools for Reproducibility*

Recently, the Open Science movement has stoked a renewed acknowledgement of the
importance of reproducible research either to improve the dissemination
of progress, prevent fraud through transparency, and enable continued
development and collaboration.  Discuss your tools or methods to achieve
reproducible research with Python.

Domain-specific Mini-symposia
-----------------------------

Mini-symposia on the following topics are also being organized:

- Medical imaging
- Meteorology, climatology, and atmospheric and oceanic science
- Astronomy and astrophysics
- Bio-informatics

Abstracts submission
--------------------

Each abstract will be peer-reviewed by multiple members of the Program Review
Board.  Please submit your abstract to the `SciPy 2013 Abstract Submission Site
<http://conference.scipy.org/scipy2013/submissions>`_.  Formatting details can be
found at the submissions website.
